
The first round of interviews, 45min phone interview. The first question: [hide=130] to determine
whether string A is the subsequence of string B[/hide] second question: [hide=130]add parentheses to
make the string valid, the opposite of FB that high frequency hard, this The question is to add the
least brackets [/hide] after about 25 minutes left, and asked the web...



The company that made the pokemon made a question, gave a bunch of flight start and end points,
and then gave a starting point and an end point, asking if there is a path to the end. Just do it
with bfs, dfs is easy for me to make mistakes, use an unordered_map to ensure that there is no
cycle, the interviewer agrees to the algorithm, it is recommended to save space with unorder_set.
Then asked about the complexity of the time space, which is linear O(V+E). Then I asked why I chose
their company and did not play any games. I didn't play much, and I said two. The other party said
that they hope that employees are at least interested in the game, otherwise they will not be
enthusiastic about development. Let me introduce what I am doing now, and ask in detail. After that,
I asked. Originally 30 minutes, because I asked...


Give a matrix of letters, ask for a path from one letter to another, feel the ASCII basis, explain
the mapping relationship and corner... What game have you played? Do not. I didn't play much, and I
said two. The other party said that they hope that employees are at least interested in the game,
otherwise they will not be enthusiastic about development. Let me introduce what I am doing now, and
ask in detail. After that, I asked. Originally 30 minutes, because I asked...


 2. anagram[/hide] site: [hide=200] two rounds: 1. meeting room 2 variant, give one Series
[entertime, exittime], which time period is the most;

longest path from the root to the leaf node of the binary tree, follow up 1: can not contain the
leaf node, find the longest path follow up...


Find the duplicate number in a collection Of numbers, there is only one pair of duplicate number,
the rest are unique numbers, how do you find the duplicate number? What's the running time and
memory used in your solution? Follow up1: If we stored the numbers in array, could...


gives a string of parentheses such as '(()())((()' in parentheses to make it parental." ()())
'Explanation: We added '(' to the beginning and '))' to the end a total of ten test cases wrong will
display input help debug


[hide=100]Given a stream of integers and a window size, calculate the moving average of all integers
in the sliding window.follow upmin/max of that sliding window[/hide]


1) Write a function and check if the 2 intervals are overlap2) LRU cache3)


1）What's the difference between symmetric and asymmetric key encryption? （2）Why are you
interested in Niantic?（
